# Version FINAL

Casari. A vast land devastated by those who’d taken advantage of the fruit it bore. 
Resources thinning, even the beggars slowly trickling away from the streets, left to die. 
A planet eating itself inside out until nothing more than a desolate husk remained in its people’s wake. 

---

Greed so cancerous that life itself could only sustain itself by stealing away the livelihood of others--in a way that only the man-made devices that fed into the people’s self-destruction could thrive. 
A never-ending cycle, a story we know all too well.

---

Brontë wasn’t going to let that happen. 

Bronte’s homeland was running dry, being sucked of all resources, but most importantly, the Dolce Elixir, their lifesource, the potion that cures all ailments and even ran through all of their power plants had become a scarce commodity.
Without it, they all were dying, or at least, the small number of the living – both organic and artificial – residing on Casari. 

In attempts to save their planet, an unlikely team of 4, brought together by the esteemed Captain Nova of the Space Corps, set off through the cosmos in search of the Elixir.

---

Ten Years Later...

---
BRONTE: Calling Captain Nova… Captain, do you copy?
*static*
BRONTE: …Captain?
VENTO: No! We’ve lost him! Can’t get any signal out here! 
BRONTE: We’ll need to meet him there. Dolce, set the ship coordinates to Planet F Major.
DOLCE: ‘Please’?
VENTO: Alright you two, we don’t have time for bickering. Were you not listening to what Captain said? We’re gonna need to flank the west side of the Planet Fanel and shoot down any defenses there ASAP, remember? 
VENTO: So, point being, we can’t afford you both to mess things up. And I’m hungry, so we'd better get there soon, because I need me a nice, juicy beetle pickles burger! Ah, I can almost taste it now!
BRONTE: Don’t get it twisted, punk. I’m not even sure why I’m stuck with you fools. You’ll just get in the way - I'm just hitching a ride to the next stop.
DOLCE: Hmph. Really? 
BRONTE: Don’t you scoff at me, you arrogant little--
DOLCE: I’m just being practical. There’s no way you’d be able to execute the mission alone. It’s much more than just ‘stealing’ the potion.
DOLCE: Acquiring the potion is one thing. Smuggling it through the home-world’s security? That takes something a half-wit like you doesn't begin to understand.
BRONTE: ‘Half-wit’?! You--
VENTO: STOP!! Do you hear that?

---

CRASHHHHHHHH!

BRONTE: …!
DOLCE: …What?!
BRONTE: The engine’s blown! Gah, I can’t get the throttles to work, we’re headed straight for that planet!

DOLCE: Ah, um, coordinates, checking the coordinates! T-that’s, ah – what was it called? Wisteria! And we’re going to crash right into the center of that city!
